What is this?
=============

The python script here reads a list of unused CSS selectors as generated by
the "Dust-me Selectors" extension of mozilla firefox:

    https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/dust-me-selectors/

Additionally, it tries to validate the stylesheets and exports ERRORS / WARNINGS
detected. Note that those ERRORS / WARNINGS are ignored by default, and generation
happens regardless, unless your stylesheet is seriously unreadable.


How to use this?
================

1) Install Dust-me Selector, generate list of unused selectors, and save
   it in a CSV file. Alternatively, you can create a list of selectors
   you don't want yourself. The format of the CSV file is dead simple, see
   below.

2) Make sure you have the dependencies you need installed. On a Debian / GNU
   linux system, you can use:

    $ apt-get install python-cssutils

3) Run the cleaner:

    $ ./tidy.py --csv-file=/path/to/csvfile.csv

4) Enjoy! You should see the cleaned CSS files in your working directory.


Format of the CSV file
======================

The CSV file should start with a line containing the URL to read the CSS from,
followed by an empty line, and followed by the list of selectors that are not
necessary. Example:

    $ cat /tmp/example.csv
    file:///tmp/test-stylesheet.css

    .p
    tl ul#foo


    $ ./tidy --csv-file=/tmp/example.csv

Will cause the file /tmp/test-stylesheet.css to be parsed, and all the rules
that only have .p and/or tl ul#foo as selectors to be removed. The output
file will be test-stylesheet.css.
